1. Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Elected in 1932 against Hoover and had won by a lot. He was one of the most productive presidents and helped America with the Great Depression.
2. Harry Truman: The 33rd US president, who succeeded FDR after his death in 1945. He led the country through World War 2 and is known for starting the controversial decision to use two atomic bombs.
3. Winston Churchill: A soldier, politician and prime minister, Churchill was one of Britain's greatest 20th-century heroes. He is known for his great spirit while leading Great Britain towards a victory in World War 2.
4. Joseph Stalin: A Soviet Union leader who succeeded Lenin as the head of the Communist Party and created a totalitarian country by clearing all opposition.
5. Adolf Hitler: Born in Austria, Hitler became a radical German nationalist during World War 1. He led the National Socialist German Workers' Party-the Nazi Party-in the 1920s and became dictator of Germany in 1933. He led Europe into World War II.
6. Benito Mussolini: He was the fascist dictator of Italy in throughout 1922-1943. He led Italy to conquer Ethiopia in 1935 and joined Germany in the Axis pact 1936. He allied Italy with Germany in World War II. He was overthrown in 1943 when the Allies invaded Italy.
7. Emperor Hirohito: Emperor who forced the Japanese government to surrender, which ended World War II.
8. Admiral Tojo: A general who was the head of the Japanese military during World War 2. Hirohito gave Tojo his approval for the attack of Pearl Harbor and had played a major role in Japan's military decisions until his resign in 1944.
9. Dwight Eisenhower: A US General who led the attack in North Africa in 1942. He was the master organizer of the D-Day invasion of Europe in 1944. He ran for the Republican ticket in 1952 and 1956 and won.
10. Appeasement: Accepting one's demands to avoid conflict.
11.Sudetenland: An area of western Cezchoslavakia and contained many ethnic Germans, and demanded it to be turned over to Germany.
12. Nazis: A member of the National Socialist German Worker's Party.
13. Totalitarianism:  A government that takes total control over every feature of public and private life. Leaders of this government were usually feared by all people.
14. Facism: A form of government ruled by a dictator. The government will control the lives of the people, who are not allowed to disagree with the government.
15. Lend-Lease Act: In 1941, Congress passed this act. This act gave FDR the power to sell, transfer, exchange, and lend equipment to aany country to help defend against Axis powers.
16. Axis Powers: Includes Germany, Italy, and Japan that opposed the Allies.
17. Allied Powers: Great Britain, Soviet Union, and the United States. They opposed the Axis Powers.
18. Pearl Harbor: An attack by the Japanese Air Force on America on December 7th, 1941.
19. Blitzkrieg: Stands for "Lighting War," was a Nazi strategy used throughout Europe. It is when they would strike unexpectedly with lots of their forces.
20. Rationing: Americans at home were to conserve materials in all aspects of life to support the military. This resulted in saving up money to cause the economic boom after the war.
21. Tuskegee Airmen: The first African-American pilots to fly for the US military during World War 2 after being denied leadership roles because of their skin color.
22. Zoot-Suit Riots: A series of riots in June 3rd, 1943 where L.A Sailors said that they were attacked by a group of Pachucos. The social tension and unrest escalated to violence.
23. Internment Camps: The imprisonment of people, usually in large groups without trial. This was done to innocence Japanese-Americans because we thought that they were on Japan's side of the war.  
24. Korematsu vs US: Presidental Executive Order gave the military authority to exclude citizens of Japanese ancestry from areas deemed critical to national defense. Basically, declared internment camps to be legal during wartime.
25. Genocide: An intentional killing to a large group of people, especially those of a praticular ethnic group or nation.
26. Holocaust: The systematic mass slaugther of Jews and other groups who were judged inferior by the Nazis.
27. Concentration Camps: A guarded area where members of ethnic groups or enemies aare imprisoned. 
28. Island Hopping: A strategy used by the United States to capture islands and going to an island to the next, defeating Japanese-held islands to invade Japan.
29. Kamikaze Pilots: A suicide mission pilot to fly into enemy warships, and if you did this as a Japanese soldier, you would've brought great honor to Japan.
30. Manhattan Project: A secret research project that resulted in the atomic bomb. Built by the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada.
31. Hiroshima: City in Japan, the first to be destroyed by an atomic bomb, on August 6, 1945. The bombing hastened the end of World War II.
32. Nagaski: Japanese city devastated during World War II when the United States dropped the second atomic bomb on Aug 8th, 1945.
33. V-J Day: The surrender of Japan during World War 2. This happened on September 2nd, 1945, where it is signed. 
34. V-E Day: On May 8th, 1945, Germany surrendered, and celebrated the official defeat of the Nazis.

